hi guys it's been Heath from lead guru
and in this video I'm going to tell you
why you should stop promoting naked
content on Facebook so all the digital
marketing experts say that you should be
promoting content on Facebook they say
you should be promoting blog posts or
videos or podcast episodes whatever
content it is that you're creating but
they're not telling you the whole story
yes you should be promoting content but
no you shouldn't be promoting naked
content and naked content is content
without a call to action what you aren't
selling anything or progressing people
to the next stage of your sales funnel
yes you should be promoting content but
also give people a chance to buy your
products or inquire about your services
with videos I think it's best to have a
call to action at the end of the video
and if you stick around to the end of
this video then you'll see that in
action with blog posts I'd recommend
that you include ads to your own stuff
to your own products and services right
there within the blog post and then of
course at the end of the blog post
include a call to action now the primary
objective of promoting content on
Facebook is to warm up cold audiences
that's why everyone's recommending that
you promote content and of course you
want to warm up cold audiences because
that will make it much easier for you to
sell them products and services in the
future but there are a very small
percentage of your target market called
the hyper responsive that don't need to
be warmed up they'll be ready to buy
right now and that's why you want to
include a call to action in your content
you want to give those hype responses a
chance to buy your products or services
the first time they see your piece of
content and to show you an example of
exactly what I mean by a call to action
at the end of your video I'm going to do
it right now so lead guru my company is
a digital marketing agency that
specializes in Facebook advertising and
if you're looking for help with your
Facebook advertising campaigns whether
you're looking to generate leads sales
grow your brand build an email list
whatever it is we can almost certainly
help you with that so if you're
interested in working with us and
interested in our services all you need
to do is click on the link in the video
description that'll take you through to
a page on my website where you can book
a slot directly into my calendar this
phone call is completely free of charge
and it gives me a chance to find out a
little bit about your business what
you're looking to achieve and see if we
can help you so hopefully click on the
link and the videos
we'll talk soon but either way I want to
wish you the best of luck with your
Facebook advertising campaigns bye for
now